Replace Pipelines "Behind the Scenes" with "Result Display Rendering" (#1635)
nushell/nushell.github.io: book/pipelines.md

So, we can supply the output of the `echo` command as an argument to it:
`echo 1sec | sleep $in` or `sleep (echo 1sec)`

> ## Result Display Rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rendering Display Results
```

Author: I think I prefer this headline either way; no matter if the hook is the final renderer or not.

Although only one of the other 14 headlines uses a verb form like this.

> In interactive mode, when a pipeline ends, the [`display_output` hook configuration](https://www.nushell.sh/book/hooks.html#changing-how-output-is-displayed) defines how the result will be displayed.
> The default configuration uses the [`table` command](/commands/docs/table.md) to render structured data as a visual table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In interactive mode, two additional expressions are added to the end of each pipeline to ensure proper rendering of the result:

1. First, if defined, the [`display_output` hook](https://www.nushell.sh/book/hooks.html#changing-how-output-is-displayed) is added. This allows the user to change the rendering.
2. Nushell then internally adds a `table` command to render the final result.
```

Reviewer 2: not relevant after display_output PR
